Update error-codes.md (#3336)
pingcap/docs: error-codes.md

TiDB is compatible with the error codes in MySQL, and in most cases returns the same error code as MySQL. For a list of error codes for MySQL, see [Server Error Message Reference](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.7/en/server-error-reference.html).
In addition, TiDB has the following unique error codes:

> **Note:**
>

> > Some error codes stand for internal errors. Normally, TiDB handles the errors rather than return to the user, so some error codes are not listed here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Some error codes stand for internal errors. Normally, TiDB handles the error rather than return it to the user, so some error codes are not listed here.
```

>

> > If you encounter the error that is not listed here, contact PingCAP for support or seek help in the official forum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you encounter an error code that is not listed here, [contact PingCAP](mailto:info@pingcap.com) for support.
```
The official forum is AskTUG (in Chinese only), so we can remove this information in English docs.

    The field fails to obtain the default value. This error is usually used internally, and is converted to a specific type of error for external applications.

* Error Number: 8040

>     Unsupported operations are performed. For example, operating lock table on View and Sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Unsupported operations are performed. For example, you perform a table locking operation on a view or a sequence.
```

Author: Shall we use uppercase? ( View/Sequence）

Reviewer: If it's mentioned in the main body as a noun, the lowercase will be fine. See https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/sql-statement-create-view#create-view.

* Error Number: 8047

    The value of the system variable is not supported. This error usually occurs in the alarm information when the user sets a variable value that is not supported in the database.

* Error Number: 8048

    An unsupported database isolation level is set. 
    

>     If you cannot modify the codes by using third-party tools or frameworks, use `tidb_skip_isolation_level_check` to bypass this check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you cannot modify the codes because you are using a third-party tool or framework, consider using `tidb_skip_isolation_level_check` to bypass this check.
```

* Error Number: 8051

    Unknown data type is encountered when TiDB parses the Exec argument list sent by the client. 
    
    If you encounter this error, check the client. If the client is normal, [contact PingCAP](mailto:info@pingcap.com) for support.

* Error Number: 8052

    The serial number of the data packet from the client is incorrect. 
    
    If you encounter this error, check the client. If the client is normal, [contact PingCAP](mailto:info@pingcap.com) for support.

* Error Number: 8055

    The current snapshot is too old. The data may have been garbage collected. You can increase the value of `tikv_gc_life_time` to avoid this problem. The new version of TiDB automatically reserves data for long-running transactions. Usually this error does not occur. 
    
    See [garbage collection overview](/garbage-collection-overview.md) and [garbage collection configuration](/garbage-collection-configuration.md).

    {{< copyable "sql" >}}

    ```sql
    update mysql.tidb set VARIABLE_VALUE="24h" where VARIABLE_NAME="tikv_gc_life_time";
    ```

* Error Number: 8059

>     The auto-random ID is exhausted and cannot be allocated. There is no way to recover from such errors currently. It is recommended to use bigint when using the auto random function to obtain the maximum number of assignment. And try to avoid manually assigning values to the auto random column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The auto-random ID is exhausted and cannot be allocated. There is no way to recover from such errors currently. It is recommended to use bigint when using the auto random feature to obtain the maximum number of assignment. And try to avoid manually assigning values to the auto random column.
```

    It is not supported to prepare DDL statements.

* Error Number: 8120

    The `start tso` of transactions cannot be obtained.  
    
    Check the state/monitor/log of the PD server and the network between the TiDB server and the PD server.

* Error Number: 8121

    Privilege check fails. 
    
    Check the privilege configuration of the database.

* Error Number: 8122

    No corresponding table name is found, given the specified wild cards.

* Error Number: 8123

    An SQL query with aggregate functions returns non-aggregated columns, which violates the `only_full_group_by` mode. 
    

>     Modify the SQL or disable the `only_full_group_by` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Modify the SQL statement or disable the `only_full_group_by` mode.
```

* Error Number: 8200

    The DDL syntax is not yet supported.

    See [compatibility of MySQL DDL](/mysql-compatibility.md#ddl) for reference.

* Error Number: 8214

>     The DDL operation is terminated by the operation of admin cancel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The DDL operation is terminated by the `admin cancel` operation.
```

* Error Number: 8215

    `ADMIN REPAIR TABLE` fails. 
    
    If you encounter this error, [contact PingCAP](mailto:info@pingcap.com) for support.

* Error Number: 8216

>     Invalid automatic random columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The usage of automatic random columns is incorrect.
```

    See [auto random](/auto-random.md) to modify.

* Error Number: 8223

    This error occurs when detecting that the data is not consistent with the index. 
    
    If you encounter this error, [contact PingCAP](mailto:info@pingcap.com) for support.

* Error Number: 8224

    The DDL job cannot be found. 
    

>     Check the job id which is specified by the restore operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Check whether the job id specified by the `restore` operation exists.
```

    Unsupported options are used when creating Sequence.

    See [Sequence documentation](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-sequence.md#parameters) to find the list of the supported options.

* Error Number: 8228

    Unsupported types are specified when using `setval` on Sequence.
    
    See [Sequence documentation](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-sequence.md#examples) to find the example of the function.
    
* Error Number: 8229

    The transaction exceeds the survival time.

    Commit or roll back the current transaction, and start a new transaction.

* Error Number: 8230

>     TiDB currently does not use Sequence as the default value on newly added columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    TiDB currently does not support using Sequence as the default value on newly added columns, and reports this error if you use it. 
```

    Extend the interval of GC Life Time.

> * Error Number: 9500

Author: This change does not show in [pingcap/docs-cn#3160](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/3160).
